Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain an adventure,
horror, and thriller film called "The Descent."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
A group of thrill-seeking friends enjoys whitewater
rafting together.
A young girl, Jessica, cheers for her mother,
Sarah, once their raft reaches the bank.
Sarah's husband, Paul, helps her friend, Juno,
out of the water.
Meanwhile, their other friend, Beth, advises
the family to head back without them while
she and Juno fix up the raft.
Driving back to their hotel, Sarah makes plans
for Jessica's birthday party.
Paul is distracted while driving, and as soon
as he looks away, their car crashes onto another
vehicle carrying metal pipes.
In the hospital, Sarah dreams about Jessica
blowing candles on a birthday cake.
She wakes up in a panic, looking for her daughter
in the hospital.
The lights start going out as a scared Sarah
runs down the hall until she crashes onto
Beth.
Sarah collapses onto Beth's arms, learning
that her daughter and husband are dead.
Juno watches them with tears in her eyes,
grieving for her friend’s family.
One year later, Beth drives Sarah to the Appalachian
Mountains in North Carolina.
They reach the cabin where Juno meets them.
Their other friends, sisters Becca and Sam,
and Juno's protege, Holly, welcome them in
the cabin.
Juno shows the group an old photo of her,
Beth, and Sarah.
Feeling nostalgic, Sarah tells them to love
each day.
A phrase which her husband, Paul, used to
say.
At night, Holly and Sam share a smoke.
Holly rants about caving systems for tourists
and how she wants a real adventure.
Juno catches them talking and promises Holly
that she won't disappoint them this time.
The women spend the rest of the night drinking
and joking around.
Later that night, Sarah struggles to sleep.
She looks out the window, and a metal pipe
crashes inside, hitting her on the head.
She wakes up, startled from her nightmare
and still not over her grief.
In the morning, Juno wakes up the group after
her jog in the woods.
The rest are still hungover from last night,
but they get ready for their adventure.
Before leaving, they take a group photo in
front of the cabin.
When they arrive at their destination, the
group unloads their equipment and gear up.
Juno takes her book of the cave's map and
intentionally leaves it in the car.
Juno leads the way, having checked the route
the week before.
On the way, they find crows feasting on a
deer carcass.
They ignore the gruesome sight and continue
their trek.
They finally reach the location, looking down
a large cave entrance leading underground.
The group descends the cave.
They stop to enjoy the wondrous sight.
While exploring, Sarah finds a bloody handprint
on the wall.
A group of bats flies out of the cave, startling
them.
Juno leads them down a small tunnel system.
They reach a large opening where Juno scatters
flares, lighting up the place.
Sarah starts exploring on her own again but
senses that something is watching them.
She looks around and finds another small passage
but sees nothing else.
The women enjoy a lunch break.
Juno sees Sarah distracted and checks up on
her, but Sarah waves her worry away.
Juno tearfully apologizes for not staying
with her after the incident but assures her
that they're all here for Sarah now.
Sarah accepts the apology, then decides to
explore on her own again.
Sarah finds the next passage, which looks
more cramped than the first.
Holly volunteers to go first while the others
wait for her to confirm there's an exit at
the end.
Holly struggles to crawl inside but pushes
on until she reaches the end.
The rest follow, with Sarah going in last.
The other women make it through, leaving only
Sarah and Beth in the passage.
Sarah starts to panic due to the tight space.
Beth checks on her, but Sarah is stuck and
hyperventilating.
Beth crawls back towards her, using a joke
to get her to calm down.
Sarah is finally able to move, but the passage
starts collapsing.
Sarah and Beth hurry out of the passage, leaving
Sarah's rope bag behind.
Knocked out, Sarah dreams about Jessica with
a birthday cake again.
She wakes up with all her friends coughing
from the dust.
With their passage blocked, the others worry.
Becca remembers the guidebook claiming three
exits out of the cave, asking Juno to double-check
the book.
Juno confesses that she left the book in the
car, angering Becca.
Beth assures them that they'll be rescued
since they filed their trip to Mountain Rescue.
But Becca suspects that Juno led them to a
different cave than what they declared.
Juno justifies that they wanted a real adventure,
so she led them to an unexplored cave system
and wanted them to discover it.
Pissed, Juno tells them they have to move
forward.
They find another passage, but it ends in
a cliff.
Becca climbs over and rigs a line for the
others to cross.
She spots an old climbing anchor already placed
in and attaches her rope to it.
Becca finally reaches the other side and helps
her friends across.
Before crossing, Sarah asks Juno if what she
did was for Sarah or herself.
Juno claims that she wanted all of them to
get their friendship back by claiming this
new cave system.
With the rest on the other side, Juno starts
undoing the rope and clamps, being the only
ones they have left after Sarah lost her rope
bag.
But Juno falls and the rope zips between Becca's
hand, causing a gash.
The rope stops Juno's fall, letting her climb
up.
They check the old anchor from the rock.
Juno tells them that it's an obsolete model,
so it must have been left there for years.
Beth wonders if someone else got out of the
cave, but Juno disagrees.
If someone already discovered and exited the
cave, they would've named it already.
Continuing their journey, they see cave paintings
on the wall.
Seeing a drawing of the mountain and cave
gives them hope that there is another exit.
They move on, not noticing a creature nearby.
The group reaches a dead-end.
Juno turns on her lighter, searching for a
passage.
The light flickers in one hole, confirming
an open route there.
Holly hurriedly goes in, eager to leave the
cave.
She spots a lighted area, thinking it's daylight.
But she slips into a hole.
Juno grabs her hand, but she slips.
Holly breaks her leg as she falls.
The women carry Holly out of the water.
While Sam treats Holly's injury, Sarah hears
giggling in the darkness and follows it.
Further inside, she finds an old helmet.
Nearby, she spots a movement.
Sarah investigates, seeing a humanoid creature
drinking water.
Juno finds her, but the creature is gone.
Juno thinks Sarah is hallucinating.
Heading back to the group, Juno and Sarah
argue about what she saw.
Sarah describes that she saw a man, thinking
that he might help get them out.
But the others don't believe her.
The women continue to look for a way out.
They climb over a wall, reaching a chamber
filled with animal bones.
Sarah uses Holly's camera's infrared to view
the area.
Juno uses her lighter to find the right way,
but there's no breeze to give her a clue.
Sam starts screaming for help.
Sarah then turns to Beth and sees the creature
behind her.
The creature lunges at them, screeching.
They watch it crawl on the walls before disappearing
into the darkness.
Desperate, they try to choose any path to
escape the monster.
They hear the crawler circling them, making
them back away in fear.
Sarah points to a tunnel, and they run to
it.
A crawler blocks Juno and Holly, causing Juno
to collapse.
Holly tries to run, but the crawler grabs
her and bites her neck.
The crawler then hops away, allowing Juno
to check on Holly.
The crawler returns and pushes her back, trying
to drag Holly’s body away.
Out of panic, the other four women ran from
the scene.
Sam and Becca escape to a tunnel.
Beth follows Sarah on the opposite tunnel,
tripping along the way.
As Sarah continues forward, she falls into
a pit and hits her head.
Back at the chamber, Juno fights the crawler
off, refusing to let it take Holly.
She gets her ice ax and swings it across its
face.
Another crawler tackles Juno from behind,
allowing the first one to take Holly.
The creature tries to bite Juno, but she's
able to stab it with her ax.
Already deranged, Juno senses something behind
her and swings her ax, only to hit Beth on
the neck.
Beth collapses, ripping Juno's necklace off.
Juno watches Beth struggle with her injuries,
but she slowly steps away in guilt and fear.
In the tunnel, Sam and Becca worry about the
others.
They press on, not noticing the crawler nearby.
Sarah wakes up alone in the pit.
She picks up Holly's camera to see in the
dark, finding human and animal bones everywhere.
Hearing a screech, she hides behind some rocks.
Still using Holly's camera, she waits for
something to come.
She stifles a scream as Holly's body is dropped
in.
More crawlers appear and start feeding on
the body.
Sam and Becca continue down their path but
hear screeches from afar.
They search for another way, climbing up the
rocks to hide.
Becca holds her sister protectively.
Meanwhile, Sarah is disgusted at the scene
before her.
She gags, catching a crawler's attention.
It approaches but gets distracted when Juno
calls out for Sarah.
The crawlers leave, following Juno’s voice.
On the other side, Sam and Becca keep quiet
as a creature crawls over them.
The crawler is unable to see them and moves
on.
But Sam's watch starts alarming, catching
its attention again.
Sam throws the watch away, misleading the
creature.
The crawler investigates the watch but is
confused.
Juno's voice reaches them, prompting the crawler
to hunt her down instead.
Finally, alone, Sarah goes to Holly's body.
She notices the ice ax used as a splint for
Holly's broken leg and takes it.
She continues to take valuable items from
Holly, grieving for her friend.
Sarah finds a lamp nearby and pours its remaining
gas on torn pieces of Holly's clothes.
She lights a torch on fire, allowing her to
see the area better.
Sam and Becca continue down the path.
They're separated when a crawler jumps on
Becca.
Becca tells Sam to run while she fights off
the creature.
The crawler nearly bites Becca on the neck
during the struggle, but Juno throws her ax
at it, saving them.
Sam reunites with them as Juno reveals that
Holly was taken and Beth's gone, not mentioning
that she accidentally stabbed the latter.
Sam studies the crawler.
She suggests that the creatures are blind
and uses sound to hunt.
Juno figures that the creatures go above ground
to hunt for animals and bring it back down,
so there should be another exit.
Juno mentions the markings she saw from the
previous explorers that will lead them to
the exit but insist that they shouldn’t
leave without Sarah.
Back in the pit, Sarah finds Beth among the
mess.
Sarah tries to move her but stops when Beth
screams in pain.
She tells Beth that she'll find Juno to help
her.
But Beth reveals that Juno left her to bleed
out.
She warns her not to trust Juno, but Sarah
is more concerned about getting Beth out.
Sarah tries to lift her again but slips, leaving
Juno's necklace in Sarah's hand.
Recognizing that it's Juno's, Sarah realizes
that Beth is telling the truth.
Beth tells her that the necklace was from
Paul.
Sarah refuses to believe it but sees the words
"Love Each Day" on the pendant, confirming
that it was from her husband.
Screeches alert them that the creatures are
back.
Sarah tries to get Beth up again.
Instead, Beth begs her to end her suffering.
Sarah is distraught, but seeing Beth's pain,
she agrees.
Sarah lifts a rock and drops it on Beth's
head.
Sarah is frozen, trying to process what she
did.
A young crawler grabs her from behind.
She throws it off her and steps hard on it.
Nearby, she sees what seems to be the young
crawler's mother.
It screeches, angered to find its child's
condition.
Sarah runs away but falls into a pool filled
with blood and bones.
The female crawler jumps on her, but she fights
it off.
Sarah grabs a broken tusk and drives it into
the crawler's head.
Sarah climbs to reach her torch, but another
crawler appears nearby.
The crawler climbs over the rock, touching
Sarah's head.
But she stays still until it leaves.
She grabs a bone and ambushes the crawler
from behind.
Brimming with fear and anger, Sarah lets out
a wail that alerts Juno and the rest.
Thinking that she's coming, Juno whispers
her name, ready to fight crawlers that may
be chasing Sarah.
But Becca and Sam argue that it's too late
to save her, urging Juno to run with them.
Before following Becca and Sam, Juno hears
movement.
She checks, hoping it's Sarah.
Instead, it’s a group of crawlers that comes
after them.
Sam frantically searches for a way out but
stops at a cliff.
She tries to climb her way across, installing
a rope to hold her in place.
Juno and Becca find her just as a crawler
scratches on her neck.
Sam stabs the crawler on the chest, causing
it to fall before it lays limp and lifeless.
Becca cries for her sister’s demise.
Another crawler pulls her from behind and
takes a bite of her on the stomach.
Unable to save her, Juno jumps off the cliff
and lands on the pool below.
In the water, she sees the crawler that Sam
stabbed, still alive.
It tries to lunge at her, but Juno digs the
knife on its chest deeper, causing it to bleed
out.
Juno resurfaces and climbs up the wall to
the other side.
She nearly falls, but Sarah grabs her and
pulls her to safety.
Shocked at Sarah's bloodied state, Juno freezes.
Sarah looks at Sam's body hanging above before
asking Juno about Becca and Beth.
Juno confirms that they’re gone, claiming
that she saw Beth die.
Knowing the truth, Sarah is angered but tells
Juno to press on.
Together, they search through the passages
for an exit.
Three crawlers block their way, and the women
prepare for battle.
A crawler jumps on Juno, biting her.
Another one steals Sarah's torch and drags
her by the leg.
Sarah stabs it on the leg before tackling
it.
The third crawler jumps on her back, but she
throws it off.
Sarah bites the second crawler's ear before
crushing its skull.
Juno rams the other one's head on the wall.
The third crawler goes for Juno, and she hits
it with her ax.
Now alone, Sarah stares down at Juno, her
ax in hand.
She reveals Juno's necklace in her hand, letting
Juno realize that Sarah knows about the affair.
Crawlers screech from afar, distracting Juno.
Sarah takes the opportunity and swings her
ax on Juno's leg.
Sarah escapes while Juno is left to fend for
herself.
Sarah hears Juno's screams from afar, causing
her to fall and hit her head.
She wakes up, feeling the sunlight on her
face.
She crawls over a mound of animal bones, finally
able to escape the cave.
Sarah emerges in the woods, taking in a deep
breath.
She screams in fright, running until she finds
her car.
Sarah finds the spare keys and drives through
the dirt path recklessly until she reaches
the road.
Finally safe, Sarah parks the car.
She cries, mourning her friends and shaken
by the terror she went through.
A truck passes by, jolting her upright.
She vomits out the window, then looks to the
passenger seat to see Juno's ghost next to
her.
Still in the cave, Sarah wakes up from the
dream.
In front of her is Jessica with a birthday
cake.
Sarah lovingly stares at the vision of her
daughter as the crawlers come closer.